------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TODO (REALLY)

Can we treat 'bn specially so that we do not need to implement visit_'bn?
  Or should we just mark 'bn as [@opaque] so as to get visit_'bn for free? Ugly.

Treat all primitive atomic types as implicitly opaque?
  (in which case they should not be shadowed)
  (in which case we might wish to add @transparent)
Or, better, add [opaque] as an option, carrying a list of types.
Remove support for primitive atomic types in VisitorsRuntime?

Write Abstraction.ml?
The type (_, _) abstraction could be transparent, private, or opaque.

Decide if we should keep hoisting.
  Benchmark it on a real application?
  If we do keep it, try to share identical definitions.

Benchmark with flambda.
  Check if the compiler is able to avoid the closure allocations.
  Decide if the inlining tricks in VisitorsRuntime are worth the trouble.

Develop a real test suite, with expected output.
  Check for left-to-right traversal order.

Develop support for names and binders (demos/lambda).
  Can we make it a functor, i.e., independent of the structure of terms?
  Check that every module has an .mli file, except where that would be too heavy.

Try dealing with binding and hash-consing at the same time.

Try dealing with suspended substitutions.
  (As a distinct construct. Not necessarily at abstractions.)

Document everything.

Show to:
  François Bobot, Virgile Prevosto.
  Andrei Paskevich, Jean-Christophe Filliâtre.
  Andrew Kennedy.
  Benjamin Farinier.
  Thomas Braibant.

Add a LICENSE.
Create an opam package. Dependency on 4.03. Note @@unboxed requires 4.04.
  Dependencies on other packages for tests: hashcons, core_bench...
  Run these tests only if these packages are installed, warn otherwise?
Announce.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TODO (PERHAPS)

[variety] could be a list.
  But then, one would need to replace <variety> with variety in
    [ancestors] and in [name] (if present).
  Somewhat tricky, as we would need to produce not one settings
    record, but several of them.

Implement a way of deferring visitor generation.
  (inserting user code between the type definition and the visitor class)
  (or, more generally, generating a visitor for a pre-existing type)

Might wish to allow ancestors to be not just class names
  but class expressions (e.g. a class name applied to some values).

Generate a variant of "iter" with an explicit accumulator?
  Would allow getting rid of mutable variables in user code.

Generate a generic (bottom-up) "fold" class?
  Analogous to ppx_tools/genlifter.
  Create virtual build_ methods for local types.
  Do something about tuples. (Reconstruct them identically.)
  In VisitorsRuntime.fold, provide no methods at all,
    so we do not fix the types of these methods.
    Let the user provide their own methods via [ancestors].
    Same idea for user-defined nonlocal types.

Can we handle GADTs?
  The problem is, possibly every method now must be polymorphic (hence needs a type annotation).

Include an option [except] to omit the definition of certain methods.
  That would allow the user to provide their own implementation,
  (possibly inherited / polymorphic),
  without having to satisfy the type constraints imposed by our implementation.

Hoist the application of self#visit_list to self#visit_expr,
  so as to avoid allocating a closure when traversing a list.
  (Would probably require the lazy-initializer trick.)

Avoid generating beta-redexes.
  (fun (x, y) -> ...) z should be let (x, y) = z in ...

Do something about ~path?
  It seems connected to nested modules.

Think about automatically transforming a closed recursive type definition into
an open one.
